/*12. Development Environments
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with popular development environments (IDEs) like Visual Studio.
Write in a text file called “list-of-IDEs.txt” at least five IDEs along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.
*/

C# - Visual Studio

C, C++ - Visual Studio

Visual Basic - Visual Studio

Java - Eclipse, NetBeans, IDEA

PHP - Eclipse, NetBeans

Python - Eclipse, IDLE


Visual Studio - Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment 
(IDE) from Microsoft. It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows 
superfamily of operating systems, as well as web sites, web applications and web services. 
Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development platforms such as Windows API, 
Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Store and Microsoft Silverlight. 
It can produce both native code and managed code.

NetBeans - NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) 
for developing primarily with Java, but also with other languages, in 
particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also an application platform 
framework for Java desktop applications and others. The NetBeans IDE 
is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and 
other platforms supporting a compatible JVM. The NetBeans Platform 
allows applications to be developed from a set of modular software 
components called modules. Applications based on the NetBeans 
Platform (including the NetBeans IDE itself) can be extended by third 
party developers.

Eclipse - In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development 
environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system 
for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be 
used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may 
also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: 
Ada, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Perl, PHP, Python, 
R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, 
and Erlang. It can also be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. 
Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for 
Java and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

IDLE - IDLE is an integrated development environment for Python, 
which has been bundled with the default implementation of the language 
since 1.5.2b1.[1][2] It is packaged as an optional part of the Python 
packaging with many Linux distributions. It is completely written in 
Python and the Tkinter GUI toolkit (wrapper functions for Tcl/Tk). 
IDLE is intended to be a simple IDE and suitable for beginners, especially 
in an educational environment. To that end, it is cross-platform, and 
avoids feature clutter. According to the included README, its main features 
are: 1. Multi-window text editor with syntax highlighting, autocompletion, 
smart indent and other; 2. Python shell with syntax highlighting; 3. Integrated 
debugger with stepping, persistent breakpoints, and call stack visibility.

IDEA - IntelliJ IDEA is a Java IDE by JetBrains, available as an Apache 2 
Licensed community edition and commercial edition. It is often simply 
referred to as "IDEA" or "IntelliJ". In a report by Infoworld in 2010, 
IntelliJ got the highest test center score out of the 4 Top Java Programming 
Tools : Eclipse, "IntelliJ IDEA", NetBeans, and Oracle JDeveloper.


Source: Wikipedia